There is both input and output in cash flow.Input would be your monthly allowance or salary.Output would be you spending money on a brand new pair of sneakers or your favorite bubble tea.


Insurance is a contract, represented by a policy, in which an individual or entity receives financial protection or reimbursement against losses from an insurance company.


There are two category of expenditure, fixed expenditure and variable expenditure.Fixed expenses cost the same amount each month.These bills cannot be changed easily and are usually paid on a regular basis.Variable expenses represent those daily spending decisions which differs from month-to-month.


There are two categories of assets called tangible and intangible assets.
Tangible assets are typically physical and measurable assets.Intangible property is an item of value that cannot be touched or held.


Saving Ratio = Monthly Saving / Monthly Gross Income.Savings ratio calculates the amount of income a person sets aside as savings, which could be used to fulfil financial goals.


Emergency fund: Money set aside to pay for large, unexpected expenses.Emergency fund should contain enough money to cover between three and six months worth of expenses.An example of unforeseen expenses is medical expenses.


Budgeting is the process of planning to spend an amount of money for a particular purpose.



Investment:Acquiring an asset or item with the goal of generating income or appreciation.
The act of investing has the goal of generating income and increasing value over time.
An example of investing is purchasing a real estate property.


What is unit trust?Unit Trust invests a pool of money, collected from investors, in a range of asset.By pooling your money with that of other investors, you will be able to invest in a wide range of asset.Successful investments in the assets add value to the fund and their returns are then distributed back to investors.



Mutual funds provides diversification through exposure to a multitude of stocks The reason that owning shares in a mutual fund is recommended over owning a single stock is that an individual stock carries more risk than a mutual fund.



Unit Trust:Collections of different asset and commonly invest in stocks or bonds or a mix of both.



It is true that investments that are riskier tend to provide higher returns over time than investments with less risk.This is called the risk reward trade-off.



Passive income is money you earn in a way that requires little to no daily effort to maintain.Therefore, part-time jobs are not a type of passive income as they require a lot of time and energy.



The benefits of investing in unit trust are Invest in Diversified portfolio,Benefit from expert management of fund specialist and Liquidity.Invest in Diversified portfolio: An investor’s risk exposure is reduced by way of diversification.Investors’ money is always spread across different entities.Benefit from expert management of fund specialist: Unit trusts are managed by experienced and professional fund managers.Liquidity: Unit Trusts are highly liquid and allow investors access to their money easily, so it can be easily bought or sold.




The rule of 72,calculated as "72/(interest rate)",is an investing rule of thumb that explains how long it takes to double your savings,approximately,for a given interest rate.
